Updates per review & feedback (#611)
temporalio/documentation: docs/content/how-to-develop-a-workflow-definition-in-go.md

```

Returning a non-nil `error` from a Workflow indicates that an error was encountered during its execution and the Workflow Execution should be [Terminated](#).
This will also cause any custom return value to be ignored.

> It is not possible for both a non nil error and a custom return value from a Workflow Execution to be received as a return values, from the Workflow Execution, as is possible in pure Go.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not possible for both a non-nil error and a custom return value from a Workflow Execution to be received as return values from the Workflow Execution, as is possible in pure Go.
```
Or rewrite to avoid "It is":
A Workflow Execution cannot return both a non-nil error and a custom return value, something that is possible in pure Go.

Author: Ya, the tricky thing here is that it CAN return both from the Definition... its just that only one or the other will be available to the caller who is looking for the result.

> - Iterate over maps using `range`, because with `range` the order of the map's iteration is randomized (Use a Side Effect or an Activity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Iterate over maps using `range`, because with `range` the order of the map's iteration is randomized. (Use a Side Effect or an Activity instead.)
```

> - Use the native `go` statement, `select` statement, or `chan` type (Use the [SDK Go API](#), [SDK Select API](#), and [SDK Channel API](#))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Use the native `go` statement, `select` statement, or `chan` type. (Use the [SDK Go API](#), [SDK Select API](#), or [SDK Channel API](#) instead.)
```

> - Call any external APIs, conduct any file I/O operations, talk to other services, etc (Use an Activity for these).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Call an external API, conduct a file I/O operation, talk to another service, etc. (Use an Activity for these.)
```
